README.MD, before:

# Climate Data Science Project

# Table of Contents
1. [About](#about)
2. [Documention](#documentation)
2. [Citation](#citation)

# About
## Topic - Exploring Weather Trends and Extreme Events Around the World

#### Data Range
Frequency - daily
Range - unknown

#### Measurements
1. Precipitations (tenths of mm, PRCP)
2. Temperature Max (tenths of degrees C, TMAX)
3. Temperature Min (tenths of degrees C, TMIN)
4. Temperature Average (tenths of degrees C, TAXN)
5. Snowfall (mm, SNOW)
6. Snow Depth (mm SNWD)

# Documentation

## Git Convention
#### Git Convention Message:

    <type>[optional scope]: <short description>
    [optional body]
    [optional footor(s)]
##### Commit Type
1. feat - new function being included
2. fix - bug fixed
3. refactor - refactor code that is not feat or fix
4. docs - updates to documentation
5. style - changes not that do not affect meaning of code
6. test - new tests or changes to old test
7. perf - performance improvements
9. build - changes that affect the build system or external dependencies
10. revert - revert a previous commit

# Citation
## Source
#### Data Source
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). "Global Historical Climatology Network (GHCN) Daily Data." [URL: ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/daily/by_station]. Accessed [02/09/2024].

#### Journal Article
Menne, M.J., I. Durre, R.S. Vose, B.E. Gleason, and T.G. Houston, 2012:  An overview of the Global Historical Climatology Network-Daily Database.  Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology, 29, 897-910, doi:10.1175/JTECH-D-11-00103.1.

#### Dataset Source
Menne, M.J., I. Durre, B. Korzeniewski, S. McNeill, K. Thomas, X. Yin, S. Anthony, R. Ray, R.S. Vose, B.E.Gleason, and T.G. Houston, 2012: Global Historical Climatology Network - Daily (GHCN-Daily), Version 3.31. NOAA National Climatic Data Center. http://doi.org/10.7289/V5D21VHZ [02/09/2024].

Commit message:

docs: added a short overview of project and section for questions

README.MD, after:

# Climate Data Science Project

# Table of Contents
1. [About](#about)
2. [Documention](#documentation)
4. [Citation](#citation)

# About
## Topic - Exploring Weather Trends and Extreme Events Around the World

This project takes data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration(NOAA), specifically the data collected from around the world through the Global Historical Climate Network (GHCN). It uses the dataset to make trend anaylsis, extreme event anaylsis and data visualization of regional areas and globally. 

## Questions

#### Data Range
Frequency - daily
Range -  1901-01-01 ~ 2023-12-31

#### Measurements
1. Precipitations (tenths of mm, PRCP)
2. Temperature Max (tenths of degrees C, TMAX)
3. Temperature Min (tenths of degrees C, TMIN)
4. Temperature Average (tenths of degrees C, TAXN)
5. Snowfall (mm, SNOW)
6. Snow Depth (mm SNWD)

# Documentation

## Git Convention
#### Git Convention Message:

    <type>[optional scope]: <short description>
    [optional body]
    [optional footor(s)]
##### Commit Type
1. feat - new function being included
2. fix - bug fixed
3. refactor - refactor code that is not feat or fix
4. docs - updates to documentation
5. style - changes not that do not affect meaning of code
6. test - new tests or changes to old test
7. perf - performance improvements
9. build - changes that affect the build system or external dependencies
10. revert - revert a previous commit

# Citation
## Source
#### Data Source
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). "Global Historical Climatology Network (GHCN) Daily Data." [URL: ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/daily/by_station]. Accessed [02/09/2024].

#### Journal Article
Menne, M.J., I. Durre, R.S. Vose, B.E. Gleason, and T.G. Houston, 2012:  An overview of the Global Historical Climatology Network-Daily Database.  Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology, 29, 897-910, doi:10.1175/JTECH-D-11-00103.1.

#### Dataset Source
Menne, M.J., I. Durre, B. Korzeniewski, S. McNeill, K. Thomas, X. Yin, S. Anthony, R. Ray, R.S. Vose, B.E.Gleason, and T.G. Houston, 2012: Global Historical Climatology Network - Daily (GHCN-Daily), Version 3.31. NOAA National Climatic Data Center. http://doi.org/10.7289/V5D21VHZ [02/09/2024].
